Thank you for coming wedding dress shopping with me.
Which one do you like better?
Mine or yours?
Oh, mine.
I mean, it is the price of your one.
Price isn't everything.
It's about finding the right fit.
Are you really going to marry this guy
just because of a promise you made as kids?
I mean, you don't even remember what his name is
or what he looks like.
What if he's totally broke?
Even if he's broke.
We'll figure it out.
Well, I can't see myself making a bunch of kids
with a broke baby daddy.
Just not the life for me.
My God, check this out.
Billionaire Clyde Croft drops $150 million
on a pink diamond necklace for his love.
God, I wonder who the lucky girl is.
Pardon, I need to go to the restroom.
Can you hold this for me?
There she is with the watch, Ellie.
You're the CEO of the Croft Corporation?
Yeah, and I am here to marry you.